Once we have already done a deep
analysis of the website and
we can know what is working
for us, what we have to do
is to implement improvements.
And as we implement improvements we
have to go measuring the effect or
impact that these improvements
have on conversion ratios
or on these indicators that allow
us to measure the analytics as we
saw, such as the exit rate, bounce
rate, the time that users
spend on the web page, etc.
We have a lot of metrics to monitor
whether we are on the right track
or not.
The question here is, what can
we improve?
The list of things we
could improve is endless.
It is impossible to categorize.
What you have to be clear is a bit
of the focus, that focus of permanently
looking, measuring, looking, measuring,
looking, measuring.
And what I'm going to share with
you is a number of things, a
number of things to keep
in mind and that simply having
these in mind would improve
conversion rates
for almost every web
page.
The first thing is that we
always, always, always reinforce
this, is that in the end the most
important thing is to transmit
well your messages, transmit well
the benefit, position yourself
as someone who can help your
client, transmit trust, etc.
Having the script we always
talk about that we recommend
support, that you support StoryBrand
in the course we have
given.
I say this so that you take into account
because there are a lot of people who
are obsessed with the color of call to
action, they are obsessed with things
that are important, more technical,
more detail and it is fine, but it
is that at the end we must always go
to the basics, we must always
go to understand the customer, to
transmit the proposal well, etc.
Because that is what has the most impact.
Let's go to more concrete advice,
although by the way, giving advice
here is very dangerous because what
one can work for another does
not.
What we're going to see are things
you have to take into account.
The headline, for example.
The But is important to be taken
into account, to be well understood,
to be attractive, to generate
interest, etc.
You can incorporate testimonials from
other customers or the brands of
companies you've worked with,
if we're talking about B2B, for example.
It gives a lot of security.
You can incorporate mentions of your
company in the media, it also generates
security, it helps a lot.
It is important to work call to action.
Where do we put the buttons?
We put them here and there, they
are always very visible.
In the call to action, you can
work on a lot of things.
The number of call to actions.
For example, if we put too many calls to
actions, because the same thing you are
doing is to discourage them from clicking
on what you are interested in.
The color.
Many experiments have been made, for
example, from green to red and it
results in an increase in conversions
of 60%, because in the pop up you
do what you do is incorporate
a call to action.
And after 10 seconds of browsing,
the pop up appears and you try
to convert or generate a lead,
for example.
Or you can put an exit pop up, which
is when they will close the page, at
that moment you jump another pop up
with a different message.
Another issue to consider
is optimizing the page to optimize
the page speed.
It is measured that for every second
that passes since it takes time
to load the page, because conversions
decrease enormously.
Another issue to consider is how
much content we incorporate, how
much text, more or less.
And here there is no rule, because
I would tell you that if your product
is low-impact, it takes less text,
it can be all more direct and with
photos, etc., because good, because
it is enough.
If your product is a purchase
with a higher app, then I think
it is convenient to put more content.
By the way, there are people who say,
no, it is that they convert more
pages that have very little
content, very little text,
etc., because you are not scratching.
This sometimes applies, but it does
not always apply, that is, you can't say
rules like that.
In many cases, there are pages that
have incorporated more content and
the conversion challenges have increased.
Another issue to consider, because
the number of links you incorporate,
whether you can browse a lot or not
inside the page, is that you have
to find the balance, because
it is true that if you, imagine,
we take it to the extreme, you
only have a link, you only have
a call to action, you can
not browse.
Well, you are leading the customer
to pin that call to action,
but you are not giving enough
information to generate
confidence.
So what you have to do is take
into account what I'm saying
and go try it out.
By the way, in many cases,
when what we do is to create a landing
page that is only aimed at generating
leads usually, in these
cases you can try with a little
on that call to action, in
your call to action main
or in the form in which
you want to capture
the data.
Why is?
Because it is true that if you
put more links, put videos, put
a lot of text, it is easier
to dismiss the visit.
If you directly take it and only
see the button and you can generate
interest with the header or a series
of bullets, etc., if you
can do so, because the conversion
ratios will increase, because
you do not give him any clues.
Another issue to consider,
well, your page has to be optimized
for mobile, you have to think that
every time the traffic of people
you will have on the mobile will
be greater, so you have
to think both on desktop and
on mobile.
Tips to increase conversions,
which are used by many companies
like Amazon or Booking,
for example, because
it is urgent, there is
little time or only three
rooms, book the key,
etc.
And if we go to the last of the moments,
that is the moment in which they
will pay, well, because you
have to generate security at that
time, the payment gateway you are
using or that you incorporate
guarantees, seals, that they
remain some trust, etc.
Well, as you see, we can implement
improvements in a myriad of things,
what I'm going to do is, I'll leave
you the list of those we propose
to you so that you take them into
account and simply with you taking
into account these sure that the
conversion ratios are improving.
But well, I'll go back to
the approach, the focus
is the following, to be very clear
what is what we want to improve,
to have clear metrics of conversion
ratios, to do the website
analysis from the point
of view of metrics, how
customers use it, etc.
And then take into account all this
kind of things that we are
saying, go making improvements, don'
t get crazy, you can't deploy
10,000 improvements at a time, one
by one and so we're measuring
how they're improving conversion rates.